[Music]
we got this oh my gosh Wow after getting
up at what for everything oh wait no no
you're you were here already how many
hours did you sleep three okay Molly
slept fifty minutes
the Dean slept an hour at least slipped
I think an hour I slept I dress up in
those I think I slept like four and a
half but we're we're running off very
little sleep today but we made it
we're so excited we're gonna go skating
in Rockefeller Center and do top of the
rock and I think so too amen
take some like Gossip Girl photos go to
Central Park where else we're going this
ab but yeah our hotel is in downtown
like look how beautiful this is
okay no you're good you're good
I love my fur I love my friends and I'm
like literally talking about the view
I'm like guys look at this
look at this beautiful architecture
we're so excited
sited I am converting them all the vegan
food
[Music]
congratulations
Oh
this is beautiful Lyman
[Music]
Aspen my phones and the most annoying
people
what was it golly welcome in your coffee
this morning I have coffee
that's right you look like this
of course starting to drop like a
present
right yeah it's all about it socata this
is ridiculous
it's really pretty though it's right but
no aspirin can't get her cute picture in
front of Cartier
let's grab like a present only people
thank you
that's love he's free-balling did he use
our
Oh God look at me hard friends I can I
know it really is
[Music]
so happy
little heaven truffle fries again
early
[Applause]
[Music]
okay guys so he just got back home was
in there and dessert and it was so fun
and I love all my friends like I'm
really really lucky to have them and to
have them like celebrate me especially
early to it's like a little while until
my birthday but we're all going on break
and my birthday's over break so I really
wanted to celebrate it with him and it
was so special we went to catch New York
which is kind of famous
there's catch la - which I've heard of
but it's like a seafood restaurant it's
like kind of crazy but like really
really good and I got like the vegan
options and they ride about like the
cauliflower I can't you know it was a
lovely one of the best things I've ever
had in my life I don't know what it was
I literally closed my eyes and was like
savoring every bite so good all my
friends looked gorgeous tonight and yeah
we took some cute pictures had a really
good time we're kind of turning in early
but I'm vlogging
hello vlog hello we're turning him early
because we're all so tired and we got
collectively less than eight hours of
sleep I would say listen like six hours
of sleep altogether probably talking no
do you see mind they're really bad
there's this is like a semesters worth -
this is like this is from Lamont this is
from that paper this is from that other
paper this for my final project this is
just from like all of Korean yep life I
mean I love Korean but like ya know
literally like yeah just my life mmm
yeah we're gonna go to bed kinda early
cuz we want to get up early tomorrow and
go to brunch and to a bunch of fun stuff
I'm so excited
good morning guys so it's about 8:00
a.m. I'm also super tired that's my
friend's alarm it's like super quiet I
don't know how she actually gets up to
that also if I sound weird cuz I'm sick
we're all sick um we were sick before we
came here but I think traveling with
like being in the cold kind of just
solidified it but that's okay that's
what happens lots of coffee lots of
vitamin C lots of coffee lots of coffee
yes husbands I got a good coffee
husband if you don't drink coffee I need
a hate tea what are you drinking yeah
that that's true you do furlough cows
that's what you drink and them oh I
gotta be aspirin does not need a four
loko in the morning that would be the
worst thing for Aspen I always join
we're gonna have a good day okay though
we're gonna have fun when you take your
pictures we're gonna be annoying Taurus
again
guys they look like a big-ass puffball
we're spoiled it's 40 degrees it's warm
smaller like no no it's warm night is
nice out
I'm proud of you baby eating wait have
you you've almost eaten vegan this
entire last night was like seafood but
they had vegan oh oh I'm I'm a pest
aspirin and I am are you actually no I
was no she I haven't I almost got that
steak
dream home dream home tires and yes I
was actually happy yeah
[Music]